---
title: Tenth Story
date: 2026-06-22T13:39:00.000-04:00
tier: bound
---
Jackson thought his scheming had been absolute. Going as far as to pass by Owen's shop to manufacture this little device, he'd have believed rested in his palms was the work of god.

The idea aligned so perfectly, following through with the steps was no less short of a symphony.

Though perhaps that's a bit more classier than Jackson's liking, but he didn't mind.

*All's according to plan. With some luck, I'd have distracted Lizzie and Rachel for the evening.* His mind buzzed excitedly as he jingled the smooth copper doorhandle into the complex, the hinges creaking loudly despite his desperate attempt to limit the amount of sound he could create.

With a wince, he closed it. So much for adding the bonus of giving Zane a jump scare—though he supposed it wouldn't be as effective anyway, since Zane had this strange and rather interesting tendency to always know when someone is about to do something to him or tailing him.

Which proved Jackson's job difficult.

Ahem.

Not that it would matter now.

"Hey Zane!" But yet, Lady Luck graced him with her presence as the dirty-blonde startled awake, having fallen asleep on the couch with a book on his chest, and, (infuriatingly,) with his shades on.

"GAH! For the love of—Jackson, I'm going to cut your face up if you keep doing that." Zane grabbed at his face to ensure his shades were still on, grimacing. *Sigh*. He'd always said something like that. But to Jackson, he had a thinner and lankier build than most, and while a man like him could hold his own, he definitely had no chance against a black man like himself.

"And for the sake of the argument, what if I relentlessly pursued your reactions, similar to this one?" Jackson baited, as if he were ratting out his own brother to get some reward. Simultaneously, he flicked his wrist with the contraption in his hand, as if to prove more of a cocky-edged point.

And naturally, just as Jackson predicted, Zane couldn't neglect the obvious grab at his attention any longer, so he played right into the mans hands.

"What do you have in your possession now? By the suns do I hope you didn't snag that off some senile old woman..."

"Who said she was senile?" Another ruse, but all he wanted was more of a rise out of the dirty-blonde. Zane almost reacted until he realized the face his friend was making. He reeled back.

"Arsewipe. Regardless, what is it?"
