---
title: Eleventh Story
date: 2026-07-03T09:55:00.000-06:00
description: Uhhh... I *think* this was actual lore. Prone to possible change, however.
tier: devoted
---
"I suppose it all started with the dream I had... when I had been barely breaching five." Zane began, diving deep into the tunnel of his memories, flashes vivid, some smudged and watered down until the recreation of the events were nothing more than a flash in a pan.

"It was the first time...I met... *him*." His posture sagged, elbows perched on his knees, his arms shot straight out with his wrists relaxed. His expression wasn't visible, but his voice wasn't muffled.

"I don't remember what he sounded like." Zane murmured, the memory piecing together bit by bit. 

"But he'd told me to follow him." 

He recalled being in some dark abyss with hues of teal embedded in the tunnel around him. 

Maybe it wasn't a tunnel. Perhaps it was open to the air, though he was surrounded by black mist, dead plants littered around him.

The figure that looked eerily like himself but far older, perhaps late twenties, gestured for the boy to follow him.

"Little did I know... he lured me into a trap." He blinks, letting himself marinate in his word choice for a moment. "Or at least, what I'm led to believe."

Zane sunk into the memory as he continued on with the story.

"***Follow me, little Zane.***" Said the figure, blinking his many eyes down at the child. Zane had not known who, or what, more importantly, this was, but he followed without much thought, traversing through broken fragments of land he couldn't quite understand. Perhaps portals torn open to show space, clusters of eyes watching him, etches of his reflections on the walls (?)...

"Where are we going..?"

"**We'll see.**"

They walked for hours, days, minutes, seconds, he couldn't tell, but suddenly, a mirror revealed itself through the mist.

"What is...that?"

"**Your reflection. Such as which, you need not be afraid of an object as this.**"

"H-huh?" 

Little Zane couldn't understand. The man before him spoke in a tongue he'd yet to fully learn. The man stepped through the mirror, and it warped, as if it were a stope slipping underneath the surface of water.

"***Follow me.***" He'd repeated again.

This time, Zane stepped back. Fear clutched his heart, as his senses suddenly infected him with doubt. Who was he? Why should he follow? What was happening? Was he going to be okay?

These thoughts he continued to follow with question after question, but it soon proved futile as the man had lost patience.

"**I attempt to bequeath you with my power, and this is how you treat me?**" He'd spat, before tossing a talon forward and snatching the boy by the shirt collar, yanking him into the mirror world.

"He then stabbed his claws into me." Zane shuddered, pulling in his arms to claw at his legs. "Something grabbed my hair and forced my head to bend back. His entire hand fit around my throat at the time, as well. He sunk those bloody talons into the back of my neck." He felt for it instinctively, his threads reacting by gently spiraling around his arm. "That's where I got these, I reckon." The end of his sentence grew bitter, as he yanked his hand away from the threads, who immediately gone limp after he stopped touching them.

"I woke up from that dream, none the wiser. I hadn't known what transpired in the dream, nor had I known that something was attached to my neck when I got out of bed and greeted my father's servants. Though...I suppose I couldn't completely ignore the maids muttering about me in the hallway. Not that I... knew, at the time, what they were talking about." He hesitated, his threads rising in response to the sour emotion curdling in his gut.

"The threads were small. No more than the length of a toddlers blanket, they dragged behind me."  He tried to gesture its length, but ultimately couldn't get it quite right.

"At some point, during my walk, one of the maids that tended to nanny me ran up to me and... I'm not entirely sure. Ask me something? Try and pull them off? Yelled at me, maybe... whatever occurred, it triggered my threads."

He swallowed.

"They stabbed her."

The scene drowned him in guilt as he remembered the old woman fretting over him, likely asking how he got tangled up, and it had made him jolt in retaliation from the shock, only to stab the poor woman simply for looking after him.

She'd been fine. Until his emotions riled up.

*She didn't deserve that.*

"Help shortly arrived, as you'd imagine. She was hospitalized." He avoided looking up at his friends. "Word goes around. Everybody was telling each other to avoid me. Eventually it got to father, and he came as quick as his work would allow him." He paused. "Or, so I was told..." Zane shrugged.

"Father couldn't believe his eyes." He spiraled back into the memory.

"O-ow! Da-dad s-\*stop!\*" Zane shrieked, having kicked and screamed, wailing and crying from the pain when his father had tried to manually tug the threads out. To make matters worse, the threads seemed to have a mind of their own, wrapping around Zane's neck and tying a ridiculously small and impossible knot at the back of his neck, ensuring they'd stay.

Arthur nearly lost his cool, trying to rip them out of Zane as he coughed and sputtered, desperately trying to stop the man from choking him.

"DAMNIT ALL, CHILD! How could this have *HAPPENED?!*" He dropped young Zane down to the ground, who coughed violently, wrestling the threads under control in fear of what they'd do if they got hold onto another victim—he'd understood that much.

His threads promised him safety.

And all he promised was death and injury.

His father had consulted many after the incident, yelling over his communicator while Zane huddled in a corner, coiled tightly with threads that shielded him from Arthur.

At some point, something became clear to Arthur, or so Zane had seen. Arthur rarely said no to Zane when he wanted to play, and kept his tone down to a minimum when he wasn't teaching Zane a lesson, keeping a tether on his temper, as he was likely concerned over the looming factor of getting mauled to death by whatever was attached to Zane.

"It was likely the only set amount of time I've ever had with my father dedicated to something family rather than business relations." Zane spoke plainly with gritted teeth, scrunching his nose.

"Not long after that, my eye started to turn. I don't remember what happened there, though. The details were awfully fuzzy. However, I reckon it was simply a rinse and repeat of what occurred with my threads." 

He crushed his body inward, grimacing. 

"Father forced me to wear bandages around my neck and an eyepatch during his meetings when he taught me all I needed to know when I'd take over the business. Instructed me to learn how to control the threads. Even if I hadn't had the faintest clue as to how."

He glances at the threads of blue worming in the air, hovering near his face. 

"I suppose I maintain some order over them now, but not much. If I get scared or something pisses me off, they tend to react."
