---
title: Twelfth Story
date: 2026-07-15T13:25:00.000-06:00
description: One of my all-time favorite short stories.
tier: devoted
---
"***Art thou lost the mind in the scape of which thou is to wander?***" Eniaz asked incredulously, the newly browned-over hair—as though the dirty-blonde portion previously had been toasted—sprouted blue slits, which snapped open into a series of eyes that warded off Mr. Vasily Ragovski from the rather ominous feeling.

He never gained a sense of fear, but the unease that prickled over the hairs on his arms and the back of his neck were a surreal experience, straight from the icier depths of hell itself.

Naturally, Mr. Vasily Ragovski..

Was *thrilled*.

The chill, and it's way it unsettled him heightened his senses, a shot of adrenaline injected straight through his veins. He loved being alert, string pulled taut to the point he could be able to tell if a pin were to drop.

He measured his facade carefully, even if he were masked; Eniaz wouldn't be fooled by a meander accessory.

Then again, as such he was god... it made no difference. Vasily ultimately conceived that he should instead revel in the glow rather than the crippling fear that stewed in his stomach.

Furthermore, he began inspecting the brilliance that lay before him, a deity unfolded into a pure work of art. Such as his clothes, unfurling with elegance and flavor even Vasily *himself* had grown to be envious of. Belts molded with bright sigils of forgotten text, duel wielding cuffs etched similarly. Eyes shown vibrantly in a diamond pattern crisscrossing his vest.

Truly, a spectacular specimen. Mr. Vasily Ragovski could gaze upon it all day.

As you might know, it is not every day you receive the chance to meet god.

"I'm afraid I simply don't see that as a negative outcome." He retaliates, a sly tone curving in his melodic voice, dripping with the thrill that thrummed though his veins.

A flash of indignation crossed Eniaz's features, before it melted away with a scowl. 

"***Thou's brilliance to summon I, the last standing heathen on the face of these plains, here, had been nothing shy of lack of foresight, for he would face repercussion by blade.***" He perceived the arrogant masked fool before him, arching his neck to look down his nose at the man. "***Ingenuity is what thou lack, before, presently, and beyond.***"

A cruel smile unfurled under Vasily's mask.

What lay before him was a challenge. A dance and duet with death was more than what he was capable of, naturally drawn to the task with a vigor unlike any other mammal that dare approach the vicinity.

"Yet this is where I yield and offer thou treaty," Mr. Vasily Ragovski began, lifting his heel to begin a straightforward stride towards the higher life form, "providing that I entice your excellence with a duel?"

He had the gal to step behind Eniaz, whose tethered belts lashed.

"What say you, good friend?"

Eniaz patience wanned, but the boarders he'd held lowered, as his interest was piqued. Not often had mortals offered to play, nor had they often turned his back on god.

“What say you, god of madness?” He hummed, lethargically stringing the sentences as if he were a cat stretching after a lengthy nap. “Surely, an immortal of your stature could handle as much as a measly game of chess.”

It may have irked Eniaz a semblance of a fraction, but that soon dissipated.

“***Does thou anticipate he to rile up a god such as myself simply by boasting about challenge?***”

“Exciting prospect, is it not?” Vasily turned, shifting the mask to the side of his face. There, it revealed the ugly features behind. What was once a handsome, angular face with amber eyes was torn asunder, frantically patched together with another’s flesh to maintain what little remain underneath. It was in no means stitched together sloppily, but a horrid sight to behold all the same, for there it would stay until the day his flesh were to decay.

“As god, I understand you’ve already gazed ahead, already played all the games, slaughtered my being to your hearts content…” Mr. Vasily Ragovski tipped his head, eyes slipping shut with a softer smile.

“But if he were to indulge, a simple man to man…”

He opened his eye once more. 

“For an old cretin as myself would rather be honored, as much as it would be a bash.” He chuckles throatily, grin spreading to all teeth.

Eniaz turns over, slow. Quite literally. Rather than just the tilt of the head. His axis flips, and he’s upside down, legs crossed as he skeptically analyzed Vasily. Most understandably, he peeked through his intentions. Nothing sinister dwelled beyond, but the interest to attempt a game with something far older than himself.

“***Thou merely wishes to lose himself from the firm grasp of reality.***” Eniaz speaks aloud, voicing what dwelled deep inside Mr. Vasily Ragovski.

“***Yet the perceived loss he understands in the fore coming future, he only seeks to plummet into a nook where the mass would not dare set foot in.***”

"To that, my dearest friend," Mr. Vasily Ravoski amends, as though he were about to prepare a toast to the life form, "is precisely the loss of reality I seek." 

A sly chuckle.

"Now... shall we?"
